### NPM(Node Package Manager): It allows us to install libraries, it comes with node

### NPX(Node Package Executer): allows direct use of NPM without installing it

### npx create-react-app file_name : can create a new project

### _But it is bulky has big bundle size and takes time to install so it is not recommended_

### (create-react-app): it is a utility/ software

### vite and parcel: both are also utility/software

### Bundler : it is a tool that takes all JS code, along with any other assets like CSS or images, and combines them into a single file (or a few files) that can be served to the browser

### it is also Responsible for converting/parsing the all jsx code behind into JS format

### React controls ui updation through hooks, without using hooks we can not directly update the value of ui

## READ ARTICLE REACT FIBER ARCHITECTURE(Github)

### RECONCILIATION : it is nothing just a diff algo which compares 2 trees

                1-REACT TREE(generated by CREATEROOT)
                2-BROWSER DOM TREE

## from 05_backgroundChanger

### the on click method in React expects a function reference

`You can't directly pass parameters inside the function, instead, 
you need to pass it as a reference or use arrow function syntax`

### when we refersh it, it get back to its initial state, reason ?

`
1-Actually the initial state has color olive and the reload technically
resets the state. So, it gets the olive color.
2-When React renders this component a second time, it renders it from scratch, it doesn’t consider any changes to the local variables.
React doesn’t realize it needs to render the component again with the new data.

To update a component with new data, two things need to happen:

Retain the data between renders.
Trigger React to render the component with new data (re-rendering).
The useState Hook provides those two things:

A state variable to retain the data between renders.
A state setter function to update the variable and trigger React to render the component again.
`

#### UseState() is used to retain the data of state variable between renders and function is used to update the value of state vaiable.

`const [value,setValue] = useState(initialValue you want to pass)`

#### UseCallback() is used to cache (store in cache memory) a function defination between re-renders.

`const cachedFn = useCallback(fn, dependencies || []) `
`fn ==> that you want to cache `
`dependencies ==> it is a list of all reactive values referenced inside of the fn code. Reactive values include props, state, and all the variables and functions declared directly inside your component body. `
